Recently, the number of activities in Fidelissma increased noticeably. The server hasn't seen this amount of active users since the Tet holidays, and people are hyped for many new projects that are being planned and under construction in FIdelissma. 
One of the first builds that are initiating is the Government District by Peter and designed by Luke NK. Being built on two empty islands on the east side of Port de Fleurs, the whole complex will include the Court of Justice and the Parliament of the Bayer Free State, along with Government Building for Fidelissma and many other free plots that are open to the public. There are two possible connections two the city: a bridge that is 30 blocks high connect to the Square and Nether portals links that will be built later.
Another plan that is also highly anticipated is the Tundra-MgLess ice highway, which will be coded "H-2" along with the H-1 that is connected from Tundra to Port de Fleurs. This project was planned for a long time, but due to lack of funding and time, Luke Transit (designer and constructor company for this project) hasn't fully committed financially to the highway. However, it is thanks to Jaerri for donating more than 15 stacks of packed ice to actually push this plan forward and linking MgLess to the rest of the network with a reliable and high-speed connection. Luke Transit CEO projected that this highway will take about 2 weeks to complete, and will decrease the travel time without TP from Port de Fleurs to MgLess and Po's Kingdom to approximately 1 minute and 20 seconds. 
Moreover, there is now a new population centre being established by Jaerri. Currently referred to as "Jaerri's Badland" in the Fidelissma coordinate database, the location of the place is close to Port de Fleurs' Z coordinate. Psycho (also known as Baobuhbeo) is also building his house in an ocean monument (yes <b>IN</b> the monument), which now needs a lot of gravel or any gravity blocks to drain the site. MgLess also saw development after the House of Commons was built by MgTyle. 
To keep all of the necessary coordinates at hand for the people who are having the TP power, a spreadsheet was created by Luke to keep track of all of the builds and important locations. Any citizens can submit their coordinates there and are encouraged to do so.
In the end, I want to remind everybody something. It is not the destination that is important, but it is the journey that we remember the most. Even if some of these projects fail, it is important to remember we had created the memory with our friends that will last forever.